OCP 201 -  misc fixes (#129)
BCDevOps/devops-platform-workshops: openshift-201/README.md

Welcome to the OpenShift 201 Training Labs.  You will find all of the lab materials in this folder which accompany the 201 presentations found [here](https://app.mural.co/t/platformservices5977/m/platformservices5977/1648237994578/6d72899801ba0c9b04e4f120571621c188c92036?sender=u66de390c4d3da408f9803733).

### Prerequisites:

> - completion of the OCP101 lab material. You can find the material hosted on [this GitHub Page](https://ocp101-labs-d8f105-tools.apps.silver.devops.gov.bc.ca/) or [source content here](https://github.com/BCDevOps/devops-platform-workshops/tree/master/101-lab/content).
> - oc CLI installed, find out [how to here](https://stackoverflow.developer.gov.bc.ca/questions/139)
> - an OpenShift project set created for you from Registry app, which you are an Admin of. You will either receive an email about this or during the OCP201 kick off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completion of the OCP101 lab material. You can find the material hosted on [this GitHub Page](https://ocp101-labs-d8f105-tools.apps.silver.devops.gov.bc.ca/) or [source content here](https://github.com/BCDevOps/devops-platform-workshops/tree/master/101-lab/content).
- oc CLI installed, find out [how to here](https://stackoverflow.developer.gov.bc.ca/questions/139)
- An OpenShift project set created for you from Registry app, which you are an Admin of. You will either receive an email about this in advance of the course, or set this up during the OCP201 kick off.
```

### Lab topics:

> The following are the labs related to the 201 Courses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Openshift 201 Lab is divided into the following topics: ```
